Adding OBO sample (#2193)
Azure/azureml-examples: cli/jobs/single-step/on-behalf-of/README.md

---
page_type: sample
languages:
- azurecli
- python
products:
- azure-machine-learning
description: An official sample showcasing use of on-behalf-of feature in AzureML. Using this feature customers can use their AAD identity from within training script to perform any operations only limited by their access, like creating another AzureML Job or reading secrets from a key vault in a secure way.
---

# AzureML - On Behalf of Feature
AzureML On Behalf of (OBO) is a powerful feature which allows AzureML users to use their AAD Identity within the training script of a remote Job (a job that runs on a remote compute). 

## Why should you use it ?

AzureML makes your AAD identity available inside training script. Any resource you can access when running code on your machine can be accessed from the training script running on a remote compute.

## How do I use AzureML On Behalf of (OBO) ?

There are 2 things that are required to use OBO feature:
- Specify in Job definition you want to use AzureML OBO.
- Use `AzureMLOnBehalfOfCredential` credential class in training script

> ### How to I specify in Job definition I want to use AzureML OBO ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Specify in Job definition I want to use AzureML OBO
```
